# 2021.07.31

I literally cannot even begin to fathom where to start with all the impact you have made on my life. Though we've merely known for no longer than five years, you are still "*the breeze that ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky.*"

No matter how "*grim*" the situation seemed to be, if you could somehow find a way to put some patches of light through the dark every now and then, things wouldn't always be so depressing. "*Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.*"

There will always be evil in the world in many forms, but to never let it dull our courage and optimism. "*But in spite of everything, in spite of the dark, twisting path he saw stretching ahead for himself, in spite of the final meeting with Voldemort he know must come, whether in a month, in a year, or in ten, he felt his heart lift at the thought that there was still one last golden day of peace left to enjoy with Ron and Hermione.*"

In the face of doubt and tension, "*that's the whole point, you know- international magical co-operation!*" In other word, "*we're as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided.*"

"*There are all kinds of courage. It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, as 'he showed, in every respect, the sort of bravery that few wizards have ever shown in facing Lord Voldemort', but just as much to stand up to our friends.*"

Death is an inevitable part of life and it's something we have all or will be going through and have felt to the core. There were tears and heartbreak, "*but know this, the ones that love us never really leave us, and you can always find them,*" in your heart.

The strong support of friends saves your life, whether it's physically or emotionally. "*We're coming with you,*" short, yet strong.

"*Lately, only those whom I could not save.*" That's what you would get "*if I added root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood.*" Hope you all well, "*the bravest man I ever knew*", and the countless heroic or ordinary people on the journey.

"*It is our choices, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.*" And you, ***Harry Potter***, will **Always** be my "Chosen One."

Until the end.

魔法永存，信仰永在，欢迎回家

*Happee Birthdae, Harry*

2021.7.31
