# 2025.07.31

Fourth cover, sixth article, ninth year of acquaintance.

End of high school, plenty of ancient projects, plenty of supposed to do. Thought about rereading the books once again but all accomplished were a few chapters. Thought about finishing the Harry Potter quiz planned years ago but long since seemed to have lost interest. Thought about a bit of extra writing about Hogwarts Mystery and even polished a touching preface in May, which still lies unpublished and unnoticed in my draft box. Thought about completing my book collection but until yesterday no actions taken.

Much news this year. Movies were replayed, but still not passionate enough to quit school for it. The TV series has started filming, promising to be "authentic to the original books", though something will positively remains unchanged. The website of Pottermore has at some point become Harry Potter and still been updating, but all so distant, to be considered as real.

Nevertheless, we've still got something to take hold of, something old, ordinary, not the kind to boast about, like Universal Studio or a magical party, something real.

We've still got the books, and the original films.

Though the reading plan's delayed, I rewatched every one of the eight films, after probably over three years' gap. Full of memories, full of surprises.

The Philosopher's Stone, still clumsy with acting, when everyone unnaturally simultaneously started running in Flying class, and when Harry, Ron and Hermione stared at the thin air which was supposed to be where Fluffy stood, facial expressions vacant for seconds then burst out screaming. And voices of children, so young, so scarce in senior high. After the detention with Hagrid the three sat around the fireplace talking about Dumbledore, a scene echoed in Half-Blood Prince, sitting in the Burrow, talking about his age.

The Chamber of Secrets, acting skills improving rapidly. The first time ever to discover the bonus scene of Lockhart in the end, thus vainly expecting the same for all other ones. Didn't particularly like the part of "Who am I, Hedwig", to deliberately externalize his feeling, but generally nice enough.

The Prisoner of Azkaban, less innocence, but still the happiest one in my view. Dementors were indeed hard to present, but Double Trouble sounded beautiful.

The Goblet of Fire, Do the Hippogriff, This is the Night, Magic works. The compression of plots more and more visible, and getting darker.

The Order of the Phoenix, familiar Professor Umbridge and Fireworks, Wands away and D.A. The silence after Sirius's death, half second of news about Fudge's resign on the Daily Prophet.

The Half-Blood Prince, Fireworks once again, at first thought misty about the role Slughorn plays. Six times watching the ending, six times matching the roles with their actors and actresses, Evanna Lynch and Bonnie Wright.

The Deathly Hallows part one, quite unfamiliar with the plots, and all have grown. Close to the close, the music a combination of grand and gloomy, last appearance of Dobby, but not catching how Harry disarmed Draco exactly, seemed to be taken by forces. Why didn't you tell her. You knew it was me. Never answered.

And the Deathly Hallows part two, almost dark tone all through, the goodbye before facing death so hasty, the moment of understanding the necessity of the prefix Professor. Nineteen years later, when exactly, seems to have missed out. How beautiful a simple "I know" sounds, and how transient the last scene lasts. So, the close.

And the books even better. Magical how a simple word "grimace" can stir up such vivid visions combined with Ginny's face in the films. And it's just one example.

And it's not too late today for purchases. Twelve Film Vault Volumes. The Unofficial Ultimate Harry Potter Spell Book. Snape: The Definitive Analysis of Hogwarts's Mysterious Potions Master. Interactive Illustrated Edition of Goblet of Fire. The Unofficial Harry Potter Character Compendium. The Unofficial Harry Potter Bestiary. And there may be more. Collect them, before they are sold out. As far as I know, for some in the list, I just bought the last one available. But sharing will have to wait until next year.

So that's that. Many like me posted their own form of celebration, and I'm no special.

So happy birthday, as always.

2025.07.31
